Manual triggered:  Import config documentation from pump:release-1.8 (#2523)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/shared/pump-config.md

- `request_time`
- `ip_address`

### pumps.hybrid.name
EV: <b>TYK_PMP_PUMPS_HYBRID_NAME</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

Deprecated.

### pumps.hybrid.type
EV: <b>TYK_PMP_PUMPS_HYBRID_TYPE</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

Sets the pump type. This is needed when the pump key does not equal to the pump name type.

### pumps.hybrid.filters
This feature adds a new configuration field in each pump called filters and its structure is
the following:
```{.json}
"filters":{
  "api_ids":[],
  "org_ids":[],
  "response_codes":[],
  "skip_api_ids":[],
  "skip_org_ids":[],
  "skip_response_codes":[]
}
```
The fields api_ids, org_ids and response_codes works as allow list (APIs and orgs where we
want to send the analytics records) and the fields skip_api_ids, skip_org_ids and
skip_response_codes works as block list.

The priority is always block list configurations over allow list.

An example of configuration would be:
```{.json}
"csv": {

>  "type": "csv",

Reviewer: Yes, it's useful to format the code block in JSON format

Set the consistency mode for the session, it defaults to `Strong`. The valid values are: strong, monotonic, eventual.

### pumps.mongo.meta.driver
EV: <b>TYK_PMP_PUMPS_MONGO_META_MONGODRIVERTYPE</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

> MongoDriverType is the type of the driver (library) to use. The valid values are: “mongo-go” and “mgo”. Default to “mongo-go”. You can find more details about the drivers [here](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-pump#driver-type).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MongoDriverType is the type of the driver (library) to use. The valid values are: “mongo-go” and “mgo”. Default to “mongo-go”. Check out this guide to [learn about different MongoDB drivers Tyk Pump support](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-pump#driver-type).
```

> MongoDriverType is the type of the driver (library) to use. The valid values are: “mongo-go” and “mgo”. Default to “mongo-go”. You can find more details about the drivers [here](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-pump#driver-type).

Reviewer: updated!
